The Joe Rogan experience. Yeah. Yeah. Do you use Android?
Uh, no. I phone, I have a stripped down. Uh,
I called cloaked, uh, no SIM card VPN, uh,
pie hole. There's a lot of different parts on it, uh,
that I do carry it to iPhone seven. Uh, if I need to,
but there's no ignore other apps on it. No extra apps. Just, just blanket.
Yeah. So.
That's that in case.
Of emergency, if I need to do something, yeah.
We need to do something like I want to use the GPS. Right. And it also has, um,
an iCloud account. That's not, you know, it's not my main iCloud account,
so that's,
I'm trying to make that Adam Curry and remove my other digital footprint.
I did it move it over a little bit or something. At least confused it a bit.
Wow.
Whatever happened to wasn't there a blockchain phone that was going to be
released.
There's a number of, um, of interesting projects, um,
that are Linux-based. Um, uh,
I'm trying to think of the one that's on the, you know,
a lot of it's crowdfunded this company, actually,
they make laptops that are complete. They'd all, all open source hardware.
Should Jamie, can you find what was the name of that company? It's a,
I feel stupid now. Um, it's the weed.
Definitely. They, they crowdfund,
but they've had very successful crowdfunding with Linux laptops with open source
hardware. Cause that's,
that's really what you have to look for the problems because you know,
advertising, it's an insatiable thing that these companies are hooked on.
And so they, and the, the data, they have to keep getting data from us.
That's the system. So, you know, when we start to cut it down,
they moved to the hardware, they moved to different,
different types of ways of getting data. And you know, right now, I mean,
you still can't hide from cell phone triangulation. You know,
there's all kinds of ways people can find you.
That's really the biggest problem. If you can track someone's location,
you can build their life, add a credit card to that. Um,
meaning John [inaudible] wife, she does, uh, the company's taxes,
a family business. And, uh, she, uh, kind of,
I think she used to do some kind of auditing in the past and she'll call up and
say, oh, here's what I always see you do. And she'll tell me exactly what I do,
where I go. Um, when I like to eat out,
she has all these patterns and she just does it for fun.
Do you have GPS on your car? Uh, you can't get rid of it.
I mean there's no, no. Uh,
manufacturer after probably 2015 allows you to completely
turn off tracking. Well.
You got an iPhone seven once you get like a 69 Corvette.
But 69, that's the appointment. Everything. Everything is built in now.
It's yeah.
I mean, I think that didn't really start until like the two thousands.
Right. They sold it to us in a great way with on-call, you know, like boom,
I'm upside down on call help is on the way. What is this, Jamie?
I.
Typed in Libra. There you go. Thank you.
What did you type in crowdfunding?
Lennox slash fantastic Libra. Purism pure.
As any of they make a bunch of products. Yes.
Top or phone. They make both. So they make the laptops,
the phone they're coming, but there's other projects as well.
It looks like a real phone, but here's my, here's my problem. Here's my problem.
What, it's still going to bleep bloop. Right? I don't want it. Right.
It's going to find you I'll I'll buy it. Of course. I want to have it.
Cause I have control over keeping it off and not using it when I'm on the road.
But as a basic thing, if I'm at home and I just wanted to surf, uh,
I'm sitting down. Yeah. I'd rather use that absolute apple.
I kind of trust apple to a degree. You know,
they they're pretty good about not selling stuff.
They noticed that their maps is, would, would be what I use. I trust that. Yeah.
But only as far as I can throw them, you know? I mean,
I'm sure there's a million guys going Curry. You have no idea how they try.
I do. So I just try to make less data.
What do you think happened with Google that they removed? Don't be evil.
I think it was do no evil, do no evil that's right. People get that wrong. Um,
which is, which is, which is evil. No, I mean,
it's one of those things that it's like a, um,
Mandela effect. Okay. Right. Like the Bernstein bear. Yeah, exactly.
So it was like Mandela effect. Um, but for whatever reason, well, that's, uh,
they, okay, so these guys who grew up, you know, under the don't be evil.
Mm. I thought it was, don't do evil, but that was in,
it was in the S one document. And I remember reading it, but okay.
It could be either way. It doesn't mean maybe they,
maybe they changed that halfway and went from,
don't be evil to don't don't do [inaudible].
They adjusted it from do the right thing or no, it was sort of says now,
I guess.
I said, oh, either way, anyway, whatever the,
the V where these guys didn't grow up by accident,
this is going to be my big Google conspiracy theory.
And just I'll give it to you. It's one way of explaining it. Maybe I'm full of.
Okay. Um,
they had Spears and they had a lot of help I'm rooting on this conspiracy.
Their main, their main boost was the acquisition of keyhole. And this was a,
um, you have to know that the company in QTL, which is, um,
a venture capital company, which is the CIA's, it's not a secret to CIS.
They would say our CIA venture capital company,
and they invest in stuff and they help the key hole acquisition.
And keyhole is the mapping. That's really what Google maps was.
The most important thing you can have as a person's identity is where they are.
Um, these guys kind of grew up young, under oppression of Russia.
So they both come from, and, uh, they kind of came into the system.
If you look at the universities and the people involved and how they were almost
given some kind of prizes for things they did. I mean,
there was an alternative story to the general narrative of how
Google came to be. Um, so I think there was a lot of intelligence, um,
uh, people involved in this,
involved in setting it up and the psychology of Larry and Sergei,
uh,
some psychologists have analyzed and I've listened to a lot of different people
is that they kind of become what their oppressor was to them.
And it's not really, I don't think they're bad guys,
but this is site psychosis that happens if you grow up in some kind of stressed
out situation, you know, people who have been abused, often abuse others. Right.
Um, and so I think that's, what's going on.
The problem is I love all the technology.
I love what all these companies and everybody's doing.
The business model is just humanity. It is it's us.
By giving away data, influencing people.
And this is not letting us share in the revenue of the data.
Right. Uh, or having some control over it.
That's really what it,
there should be some sort of legislation that recognizes what data is,
and that they'd look at it in terms of like, like it's a commodity and saying,
like selling and buying and selling.
And there is, there is some of that.
But is there some that really evenly balances it or,
or looks at it for what it really is?
Well, what is data? I mean, what is money? Money is data.
Money and money is not, it's not money provides all day providing a service,
all data, it's all data. It is all day. You have to have,
it has to be a trust relationship.
And it's if their business model is what added as it is now,
if they don't change it,
no legislation will stop them from getting around the problem. Now.
You get free and we get your data. You get a free browser.
The interesting thing, here's the interesting thing.
The internet is, although no longer,
quite the same way with up upstream and downstream being equal due to, you know,
the cable companies and how they've implemented your personal connection,
we can still do our own servers. You know,
it doesn't all have to be on YouTube, on Facebook, on Twitter.
There's an entire, I was talking earlier about Mastodon, no agenda.
social.com is our own social network.
It's with open source software without algorithms.
And we federate with all these other servers,
much the way the worldwide web grew up. And, um, and there's this, uh,
mechanism for communicating with each other.
And so it's kind of Twitter meets email only. It's just,
it looks like Twitter just,
but you control a lot more of how it works and your community can be a small
little community and you have no one come in, you can block people or just say,
I only want these cool people to also connect or that server to connect.
It's all good. So you have all these kind of,
almost like an ancestry.com tree that branches to all these different places
called the Federation. Um,
if we build upon those kinds of things and don't let other companies or
companies at all, there's no reason for them to get involved.
It's very cheap with a, believe it or not a Linux laptop, you can get started.
Any kid can learn how to do it. They should be teaching it at school.
How to set up a server, how to get around.
Some of the hurdles understand how an email server works and we will not need
these companies.
We have all the joy and a lot of the downside,
but there won't be a Twitter police.
There'll be only your own little community say, Hey, we don't like this guy.
We're just going to block you or your whole community,
or we would love to have you guys with us.
And we kind of happen to us similarly. And that's how you build these networks.
And eventually you connect to each other on the back end somehow. Anyway.
How often do you think, I mean,
how long do you think it's going to be before we're implementing augmented
reality into our life in that way? In like a social media context?
Um, cause you kinda got augmented reality already with your ear.
Yeah. So it would be unfair of me to say that, um, it it's,
it's augmented in that it's enhancing,
but I have enhanced it in ways that are particular to me,
but it's not some algorithm really determining things that I
should here.
I am in total control of how that works and how it sounds.
Um, I don't see the, the case for augmented reality. I just don't see it.
I mean.
When you think about what the Apple's trying to do with their glasses, well.
I think it's trying to get people from doing this, to doing this.
That is probably that's all that it is that's.
But it's also probably adding to the experience, right?
If you can have like little animated fairies, everywhere you go,
that you see through your apple glasses, everything else looks the same.
If you ever go to the haunted mansion ride at Disneyland. Yes. You know,
there's a ghost, right?
If I see you as one of those glasses on, I'm going to go learn some move, a tie,
I'm gonna kick you in your head. Boom, like Dawson.